docs/content/docs/tokenstore.mdx, before:

---
title: TokenStore
description: Xal-Node TokenStore
---

### Purpose of the TokenStore

The purpose of the Tokenstore is to handle the metadata and expiration of the Tokens. It also makes sure the tokens gets saved and loaded properly when loading and unloading the classes.

## Extending the TokenStore

If you want to save the token data in your own storage method then you can extend the `TokenStore` class. See the example code below:

```js
import { TokenStore } from 'xal-node'

export default class AuthStore extends TokenStore {

    load() {
        // @TODO: Load data and pass JSON data as string into loadJson()
        // const tokens = this._store.get('authentication.tokens', '{}') as string
        // this.loadJson(tokens)

        return true
    }

    save() {
        const tokens = JSON.stringify({
            userToken: this._userToken?.data,
            sisuToken: this._sisuToken?.data,
            jwtKeys: this._jwtKeys,
        })

        // this._store.set('authentication.tokens', tokens)
        // @TODO: Save the token data in your store
    }

    clear() {
        this._userToken = undefined
        this._sisuToken = undefined
        this._jwtKeys = undefined

        // @TODO: Remove actual data from your store
    }

    // You can also add new functions to the TokenStore to make it easier to interact with the tokens.
    // hasUserTokens() {
    //     return this._userToken !== undefined && this._sisuToken !== undefined
    // }
}
```

Commit message:

Improved msal api by improving token caching Add support for msal in tokenstore

docs/content/docs/tokenstore.mdx, after:

---
title: TokenStore
description: Xal-Node TokenStore
---

### Purpose of the TokenStore

The purpose of the Tokenstore is to handle the metadata and expiration of the Tokens. It also makes sure the tokens gets saved and loaded properly when loading and unloading the classes.

## Loading and unloading data

The TokenStore class does not load the data when the class has been created. You will need to handle loading and unloading the data yourself if you incorporate the TokenClass in your code.
The Xal and MSAL libraries have been adopted to load and save the data when needed. You will not need to do this manually.

## Extending the TokenStore

If you want to save the token data in your own storage method then you can extend the `TokenStore` class. See the example code below:

```js
import { TokenStore } from 'xal-node'

export default class AuthStore extends TokenStore {

    load() {
        // @TODO: Load data and pass JSON data as string into loadJson()
        // const tokens = this._store.get('authentication.tokens', '{}') as string
        // this.loadJson(tokens)

        return true
    }

    save() {
        const tokens = JSON.stringify({
            userToken: this._userToken?.data,
            sisuToken: this._sisuToken?.data,
            jwtKeys: this._jwtKeys,
        })

        // this._store.set('authentication.tokens', tokens)
        // @TODO: Save the token data in your store
    }

    clear() {
        this._userToken = undefined
        this._sisuToken = undefined
        this._jwtKeys = undefined

        // @TODO: Remove actual data from your store
    }

    // You can also add new functions to the TokenStore to make it easier to interact with the tokens.
    // hasUserTokens() {
    //     return this._userToken !== undefined && this._sisuToken !== undefined
    // }
}
```
